readme.md, before:

![Built With Stencil](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Built%20With%20Stencil-16161d.svg?logo=data%3Aimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3Bbase64%2CPD94bWwgdmVyc2lvbj0iMS4wIiBlbmNvZGluZz0idXRmLTgiPz4KPCEtLSBHZW5lcmF0b3I6IEFkb2JlIElsbHVzdHJhdG9yIDE5LjIuMSwgU1ZHIEV4cG9ydCBQbHVnLUluIC4gU1ZHIFZlcnNpb246IDYuMDAgQnVpbGQgMCkgIC0tPgo8c3ZnIHZlcnNpb249IjEuMSIgaWQ9IkxheWVyXzEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyIgeG1sbnM6eGxpbms9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzE5OTkveGxpbmsiIHg9IjBweCIgeT0iMHB4IgoJIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCA1MTIgNTEyIiBzdHlsZT0iZW5hYmxlLWJhY2tncm91bmQ6bmV3IDAgMCA1MTIgNTEyOyIgeG1sOnNwYWNlPSJwcmVzZXJ2ZSI%2BCjxzdHlsZSB0eXBlPSJ0ZXh0L2NzcyI%2BCgkuc3Qwe2ZpbGw6I0ZGRkZGRjt9Cjwvc3R5bGU%2BCjxwYXRoIGNsYXNzPSJzdDAiIGQ9Ik00MjQuNywzNzMuOWMwLDM3LjYtNTUuMSw2OC42LTkyLjcsNjguNkgxODAuNGMtMzcuOSwwLTkyLjctMzAuNy05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNmgzMzYuOVYzNzMuOXoiLz4KPHBhdGggY2xhc3M9InN0MCIgZD0iTTQyNC43LDI5Mi4xSDE4MC40Yy0zNy42LDAtOTIuNy0zMS05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNkgzMzJjMzcuNiwwLDkyLjcsMzEsOTIuNyw2OC42VjI5Mi4xeiIvPgo8cGF0aCBjbGFzcz0ic3QwIiBkPSJNNDI0LjcsMTQxLjdIODcuN3YtMy42YzAtMzcuNiw1NC44LTY4LjYsOTIuNy02OC42SDMzMmMzNy45LDAsOTIuNywzMC43LDkyLjcsNjguNlYxNDEuN3oiLz4KPC9zdmc%2BCg%3D%3D&colorA=16161d&style=flat-square)

# <web-share />

web-share is a web component that makes it super easy to use the [web share api](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2016/09/navigator-share).


## API

- url(string): the url you want to share to someone
- text(string): text you would like to share
- title(string): the title you would like to share

## Using this component

### Usage example

```
<web-share title='web fundamentals' text='Check out Web Fundamentals — it rocks!' url='https://developers.google.com/web'></web-share>
```

### Script tag
- Put a script tag similar to this `<script src='https://unpkg.com/web-share@0.0.1/dist/webshare.js'></script>` in the head of your index.html
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

### Node Modules
- Run `npm install my-name --save`
- Put a script tag similar to this `<script src='node_modules/web-share/dist/webshare.js></script>` in the head of your index.html
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

### In a stencil-starter app
- Run `npm install web-share --save`
- Add `{ name: 'web-share' }` to your [collections](https://github.com/ionic-team/stencil-starter/blob/master/stencil.config.js#L5)
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

Commit message:

chore(readme): add note about style

readme.md, after:

![Built With Stencil](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Built%20With%20Stencil-16161d.svg?logo=data%3Aimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3Bbase64%2CPD94bWwgdmVyc2lvbj0iMS4wIiBlbmNvZGluZz0idXRmLTgiPz4KPCEtLSBHZW5lcmF0b3I6IEFkb2JlIElsbHVzdHJhdG9yIDE5LjIuMSwgU1ZHIEV4cG9ydCBQbHVnLUluIC4gU1ZHIFZlcnNpb246IDYuMDAgQnVpbGQgMCkgIC0tPgo8c3ZnIHZlcnNpb249IjEuMSIgaWQ9IkxheWVyXzEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyIgeG1sbnM6eGxpbms9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzE5OTkveGxpbmsiIHg9IjBweCIgeT0iMHB4IgoJIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCA1MTIgNTEyIiBzdHlsZT0iZW5hYmxlLWJhY2tncm91bmQ6bmV3IDAgMCA1MTIgNTEyOyIgeG1sOnNwYWNlPSJwcmVzZXJ2ZSI%2BCjxzdHlsZSB0eXBlPSJ0ZXh0L2NzcyI%2BCgkuc3Qwe2ZpbGw6I0ZGRkZGRjt9Cjwvc3R5bGU%2BCjxwYXRoIGNsYXNzPSJzdDAiIGQ9Ik00MjQuNywzNzMuOWMwLDM3LjYtNTUuMSw2OC42LTkyLjcsNjguNkgxODAuNGMtMzcuOSwwLTkyLjctMzAuNy05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNmgzMzYuOVYzNzMuOXoiLz4KPHBhdGggY2xhc3M9InN0MCIgZD0iTTQyNC43LDI5Mi4xSDE4MC40Yy0zNy42LDAtOTIuNy0zMS05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNkgzMzJjMzcuNiwwLDkyLjcsMzEsOTIuNyw2OC42VjI5Mi4xeiIvPgo8cGF0aCBjbGFzcz0ic3QwIiBkPSJNNDI0LjcsMTQxLjdIODcuN3YtMy42YzAtMzcuNiw1NC44LTY4LjYsOTIuNy02OC42SDMzMmMzNy45LDAsOTIuNywzMC43LDkyLjcsNjguNlYxNDEuN3oiLz4KPC9zdmc%2BCg%3D%3D&colorA=16161d&style=flat-square)

# web-share

web-share is a web component that makes it super easy to use the [web share api](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2016/09/navigator-share).


## Styling
This component is intentionally not styled by default so that you can easily style it to fit your app. To make changing the icons color a little easier you can use a [css variable](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_variables) called `icon-color`. Here is an example of using that css variable:

```
web-share {
  --icon-color: blue;
}
```


## API

- url(string): the url you want to share to someone
- text(string): text you would like to share
- title(string): the title you would like to share

## Using this component

### Usage example

```
<web-share title='web fundamentals' text='Check out Web Fundamentals — it rocks!' url='https://developers.google.com/web'></web-share>
```

### Script tag
- Put a script tag similar to this `<script src='https://unpkg.com/web-share@0.0.1/dist/webshare.js'></script>` in the head of your index.html
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

### Node Modules
- Run `npm install my-name --save`
- Put a script tag similar to this `<script src='node_modules/web-share/dist/webshare.js></script>` in the head of your index.html
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

### In a stencil-starter app
- Run `npm install web-share --save`
- Add `{ name: 'web-share' }` to your [collections](https://github.com/ionic-team/stencil-starter/blob/master/stencil.config.js#L5)
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc
